I attended a lecture where someone metioned it and I am curious.
I was thinking about that yesterday and I still dont know it there is a correct answer but let me know what you think.
Dwindling supplies of fossil fuels mean we’re in need of a new way to power our planet.
Is there an easy way to do it?
I mean it makes sense if it is from tigers or something but I do not know
Choosing one from the thousands of vehicles that I have driven over the last sixty years is nigh on impossible.
Thats an old question from a test that my teacher gave us. I really need help doing this one!
Astronomers face an embarrassing conundrum: they don’t know what 95% of the universe is made of. Atoms which form everything we see around us only account for a measly 5%.
Our tablets and smartphones are mini-computers that contain more computing power than astronauts took to the moon in 1969. But if we want to keep on increasing the amount of computing power we carry around in our pockets how are we going to do it?
I am just not sure if it is 1 or 2
Ninety-five per cent of the ocean is unexplored. What’s down there?
I do not know if it is even possible to count them but i was wondering.
I just dont know how to simplify this expression please help me doing my homework!
I saw that video of the bridge that seemed to wobble and I did not understand it
I was wondering if I should get one...
A few days ago (March 9th) there was a protest in the center of Athens Greece. A man was passing by with his motorcycle and he had the picture of Virgin Mary in a compartment at the back of his bike.
I am about to start working as a software engineer and I was thinking if I should renew my setup. Thanks for the help!
The fact you can shop safely on the internet is thanks to prime numbers – those digits that can only be divided by themselves and one.
I was talking with some friends and we didnt know what was the correct answer for this one.
Are there really only solid and liquid and gas and plasma or can there be more?
I bought a new computer and it was fast but it keeps getting slower. Why?
I just do not know what RAM means.
There is no doubt that any smart watch requires that the society that produces it has an advanced level of electronic engineering and computer science which is not at all needed for making the finest mechanical watch.
I forgot how to do it...
I just cannot unterstand this!
Just looking at your DNA won’t tell you – the human genome is 99% identical to a chimpanzee’s and for that matter 50% to a banana’s.
I was searching for robotics and I found this concept that I once heard of. Can someone explain me more? I wanted to do an homework about it.
I do not understand anything about it.
It is always 1000cc or 2000cc and I want to know what that means.
I was wondering if there is a country with more sunlight than any other an which would it be.
Tricky I failed that one in my exam!
I found it while hiking and I am unsure about what it is.
